https://codepen.io/dainaimic/pen/LYEExYy?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is content developed with meaning and accuracy.
    2. What is HTML used for?
HTML is used to create electronic documents for pages on the world wide web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute is special words that can be added in HTML to control its behaviour. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 is used usually for header. One time usually.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img tag and a tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    We use a <head> for the head of HTML. 
    7. What is an id? 
    Id is attribute is mainly used to point to style sheet. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    You can add a id attribute to most elements in HTML. (p,div,section) 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    One time.
    10. What is a class?
    Specifc one or more class names in HTML.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    You can add a class to all elements in HTML.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    You can use the class as many times as needed in a section. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href="link" target="_blank">Text</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    Alt is applied to specific alternate text for image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    You reference id in CSS with #.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    A section identifies a certain section in HTML document. A div is a division in section to divide certain parts.
    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used to style HTML. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class be used multiple times in CSS and div can only be used once per div.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    A parent child selector is a class that can can be used to select mutliple elements in a section. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Pseudo selector is keyword added to a element to create a speical state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    width or line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    HTMl element.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    git branch
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm. Because it doesnt protection to make sure you really want to delete this file. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It records and shows changes of a file over time.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Anytime you make a change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push origin first-last 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    Fork link from lambda school and copy it
    Open gitbash
    Use cd ~ to leave any directory your in on gitbash.
    git clone *paste link from github*
    git checkout -b first-last
    ls *check files in directory*
    git status
    git add .
    git commit -m "message"
    git push origin -u first-last or origin first-last


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
